Instructions for the test

Please read these instructions carefully--you can scroll down using
the arrow keys or space. Once you have read the instructions hit the
return (Enter) key to begin the experiment. Each trial begins when you
hit the "Space" key. If you need to rest during the session, just rest
before hitting the "Space" key.

Each trial will start with a point shown at the center of screen,
please focus your eyes on that point. Shortly after the point appears,
you will be shown a display with 12 objects roughly in clock positions
around a circle.  These objects will mostly be green circles of a
certain size.

For a given session you will be told to look for one object that
differs from the others. For example, you might be told for that
session to find the object that is square instead of circular. In
another session you might be told to find the red circle instead of
green. In another session you might be told to find the larger circle
among smaller circles.

Your task is to look inside the designated object and find the lines
that go either horizontally or vertically. If the lines go vertically,
press the "l" key. If the lines go horizontally press the "a" key. You
are supposed to respond as fast and accurately as possible. If you
make a mistake about the orientation you will hear a 'buzzer' warning
you that you made an error. At the end of the session you will be told
how well you did overall.

It is important that you look for the object that is designated for
that session, ignoring all other objects that might also appear on
some trials. Thus if you are in a session looking for the square
object, ignore another object that might be red, or larger, if any
such object or objects appear. In other words, try not to be
distracted. The designated target (square, large, or red) will change
each of the three sessions.

If you do not understand this, or have any questions whatever, please
talk to the experimenter for guidance. The task should be easy to
carry out.

The experiment will run for 55 minutes in a session. If you do not
complete a minimum number of trials in that time you will be asked to
continue until that minimum is reached, but there should be ample time
to finish in 55 minutes.

On this session, you will be looking for the %s.
